about a year ago I asked myself a
question knowing what I know why am I
not a vegetarian
after all I'm one of the green guys I
grew up with hippy parents in a log
cabin I started a site called tree
hugger I care about this stuff
I knew that eating a mere hamburger a
day could increase my risk of dying by
1/3 cruelty I knew that the 10 billion
animals we raise each year for meat are
raising factory farm conditions that we
hypocritically wouldn't even consider
for our own cats dogs and other pets
environmentally meat amazingly causes
more emissions than all of
transportation combined cars trains
planes buses boats all of it and beef
production uses a hundred times the
water that most vegetables do I also
knew that I'm not alone we as a society
are eating twice as much meat as we did
in the 50s so what was once the special
little side treat now is the main much
more regular so really any of these
angles should have been enough to
convince me to go vegetarian there I was
tucking into a big old steak so why was
I stalling I realized that what I was
being pitched was a binary solution
it was either you're a meat-eater or
you're a vegetarian and I guess I just
wasn't quite ready imagine your last
hamburger
so my common sense my good intentions
whoops
we're in conflict with my taste buds and
I commit to doing it later and not
surprisingly later never came sound
familiar so I wondered might there be a
third solution and I thought about it
and I came up with one and I've been
doing it for the last year and it's
great it's called weekday veg the name
says it all nothing in the face Monday
to Friday on the weekend
your choice simple if you want to take
it to the next level remember the major
culprits in terms of environmental
damage and health are red and processed
meats so you want to swap those out with
some good sustainably harvested fish its
structured so it ends up being simple to
remember and it's okay to break it here
and there after all
cutting five days a week is cutting 70%
of your meat intake the program has been
great weekday veg my footprints smaller
I'm lessening pollution I feel better
about the animals I'm even saving money
best of all I'm healthier I know that
I'm going to live longer
I need a lost a little weight so please
ask yourselves for your health for your
pocketbook for the environment for the
animals what's stopping you from giving
weekday veg a shot after all if all of
us ate half as much meat it would be
like half of us were vegetarians thank
you